## Setup Instructions (for Instructors)

* Clone this repo
* remove the turingschool remote
* remove the git history and initialize a new git repo
* commit the `# Passengers and Vehicles Instructions` from the README, for students.
* create a branch called `harness`
* commit the Gemfile, spec directory, and, optionally, the remainder of the README
* Create a new repo on turingschool-examples called `passengers_and_vehicles_<cohort number>`
* Add that remote
* Push up both branches


### Spec Harness Instructions

This spec harness will test **iterations 1 and 2 only**. Since students are not given an interaction pattern for iterations 3-4, you must grade this work manually.

You do not need the original repo cloned down locally for this process. This script will clone student repos down and will pull in the spec branch of the repo that they forked from. For this reason, it's important to ensure the spec branch was created properly and has the spec harness at the time the students fork the repo you created for this specific challenge.

In order to run the spec harness, first create a new directory with a `students.txt` file

In `students.txt`, put a list of your students Github handles.  For example:

```
aziobrow
dionew1
memcmahon
s-espinosa
```

From the root of the directory you created with the `students.txt` file at the root level, run the following script in your terminal, replacing `<repository_name>` with the name of the challenge repo:

```
for i in `cat students.txt`; do
  git clone git@github.com:$i/<repository_name> $i
  pushd $i
  git remote add turing git@github.com:turingschool-examples/<repository_name>
  git pull --rebase turing harness
  rspec harness
  echo
  echo
  read -p 'Press Enter to continue'
  popd
done
```

For each student, you will need to create or `:q` out of a merge commit message!

# Passengers and Vehicles Instructions

## Iteration 1

## Setup

* Fork this Repository
* Clone YOUR fork
* Compete the activity below
* Push your solution to your fork
* Submit a pull request from your repository to the turingschool-examples repository
  * Make sure to put your name in your PR!

Use TDD to create a `Passenger` class that responds to the following interaction pattern. For the `adult?` method, a `Passenger` is considered an adult if they are age 18 or older.

```ruby
pry(main)> require './lib/passenger'
# => true

pry(main)> charlie = Passenger.new({"name" => "Charlie", "age" => 18})    
# => #<Passenger:0x00007fc1ad88b3c0...>

pry(main)> taylor = Passenger.new({"name" => "Taylor", "age" => 12})    
# => #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da2cf1b0...>

pry(main)> charlie.name
# => "Charlie"

pry(main)> charlie.age
# => 18

pry(main)> charlie.adult?
# => true

pry(main)> taylor.adult?
# => false

pry(main)> charlie.driver?
# => false

pry(main)> charlie.drive

pry(main)> charlie.driver?
# => true
```

## Iteration 2

Use TDD to create a `Vehicle` class that responds to the following interaction pattern:

```ruby
pry(main)> require './lib/vehicle'
# => true

pry(main)> require './lib/passenger'
# => true

pry(main)> vehicle = Vehicle.new("2001", "Honda", "Civic")    
# => #<Vehicle:0x00007fe0da9c63d8...>

pry(main)> vehicle.year
# => "2001"

pry(main)> vehicle.make
# => "Honda"

pry(main)> vehicle.model
# => "Civic"

pry(main)> vehicle.speeding?
# => false

pry(main)> vehicle.speed

pry(main)> vehicle.speeding?
# => true

pry(main)> vehicle.passengers
# => []

pry(main)> charlie = Passenger.new({"name" => "Charlie", "age" => 18})    
# => #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da1ec450...>

pry(main)> jude = Passenger.new({"name" => "Jude", "age" => 20})    
# => #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da2730e0...>

pry(main)> taylor = Passenger.new({"name" => "Taylor", "age" => 12})    
# => #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da2cf1b0...>

pry(main)> vehicle.add_passenger(charlie)    

pry(main)> vehicle.add_passenger(jude)    

pry(main)> vehicle.add_passenger(taylor)    

pry(main)> vehicle.passengers
# => [#<Passenger:0x00007fe0da1ec450...>, #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da2730e0...>, #<Passenger:0x00007fe0da2cf1b0...>]

pry(main)> vehicle.num_adults
# => 2
```

## Iteration 3

You have been contracted by the National Park Service to create a program that can track revenue for its parks. Specifically, they would like you to implement the following features:

  1. Each park has a unique name and admission price, as well as a way to read that data
  1. Each park can add a vehicle (a vehicle enters the park)
  2. Each park can list all the vehicles that entered the park
  3. Each park can list all the passengers that entered the park
  4. Each park can calculate revenue generated. Revenue is generated by charging the admission price per adult that entered the park.

Build upon your existing code from the first two iterations to implement this functionality.

Method Name                 | Return Value (type)
-----------                 | -------------------
`name`                      | `String`
`price`                     | `Int`
`vehicles`                  | `Array` of `Vehicle` objects
`add_vehicle(course)`       | `Array` of `Vehicle` objects including the new one just added.
`passengers`                | `Array` of `Passenger` objects
`revenue`                   | `Int`


## Iteration 4

The National Park Service has given you additional functionality it would like you to implement. They would like to be able to track patrons of their parks. They would like to be able to generate a list of names of all attendees, as well as generate a list of minors and a list of adults. It would like all of these lists to be sorted alphabetically.

Method Name                 | Return Value (type)
-----------                 | -------------------
`patron_names`              | `Array` of `String` objects
`minors`                    | `Array` of `String` objects
`adults`                    | `Array` of `String` objects
